usb_host_hid v1.0.2: Fix USB HID device with multiple interfaces (#3)
espressif/esp-usb: host/class/hid/usb_host_hid/CHANGELOG.md

## 1.0.2
<! Unreleased >

> - Fixed a bug when connecting a USB HID Device with multiple interfaces whose numbers are out of order or skipped.

Reviewer: Would this describe the fix better?
```suggestion
- Fixed device open procedure for HID devices with multiple non-sequential interfaces.
```
